Sister brother-in-law
I was wrong.
I was confused for a while
Forgive once
You see this flood washed away the Dragon King Temple
Ye Yan's you are now like Rui Chongtian
Don't forget my Wang family
Yeyan
My brother is also a fox
Will you spare him this time?
Confused for a while
If I hadn't identified myself today
How long will your king ride on my head?
Patience again and again
What did you get in exchange? It's not like this.
You listen to my explanation and dare to go out more
Where did the chop suey come from?
Dare to give orders in my Tianlong Club casino
Somebody take it for me
I told you, you son of a bitch.
Just fucking lie to these people
But murderous
The waste of pharyngitis is his own fault
It has nothing to do with us
Thanks. Let's go. Hurry.
Bugs, I told you so.
Don't fall into my hands
Otherwise, I will make you unable to survive
I can't die
And you stinky bitch
You don't want to live either
Amitabha
Good and good
Monk Compassion
Leave the man to me
Leave the woman to you